Postfix: add `smtpd_data_restrictions = reject_unauth_pipelining` (#3744)
docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver: CHANGELOG.md

  - `swaks` handles pipelining correctly, hence we can now use `reject_unauth_pipelining` in Postfix's configuration.
  - `swaks` provides better CLI options that make many files superflous.
  - `swaks` can also replace `openssl s_client` and handles authentication on submission ports better.

> - The Postfix configuration was adjusted to reject unauthorized pipelining, now in `smtpd_data_restrictions` (i.e. at the end of the mail transfer transaction) ([#3744](https://github.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/pull/3744))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Postfix:**
  - We now defer rejection from unauthorized pipelining until the SMTP `DATA` command via `smtpd_data_restrictions` (_i.e. at the end of the mail transfer transaction_) ([#3744](https://github.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/pull/3744))
    - Prevously our configuration only handled this during the client and recipient restriction stages. Postfix will flag this activity when encountered, but the rejection now is handled at `DATA` where unauthorized pipelining would have been valid from this point.
    - If you had the Amavis service enabled (default), this restriction was already in place. Otherwise the concerns expressed with `smtpd_data_restrictions = reject_unauth_pipelining` from the security section above apply. We have permitted trusted clients (_`$mynetworks` or authenticated_) to bypass this restriction.
```
